I'm in New York you're back I'm back
did you miss me Eric little bit a little
bit a little bit Stuart is all kinds of
epic
oh it's a button camera where PNH HQ and
they give us a present oh my goodness
2 terabytes I'm just gonna wear these
every day of the winter do some live
streaming with this microphone swag swag
swag look who's here what's up it's
Jonathan
you guys remember John from California
okay yep he has brought a new electric
stapler that looks basically like a
booster board but I've heard it's not
quite on the same level so I think I
need to try it for the first time in my
apartment the remote is so ministry so
and let's practice you get though now
okay later
yeah out the window
what's the PT review I'll have to take
it outside there you go I think it looks
like a booster but I feel like it's
nowhere close to writing like at least
how are you guys doing today we're going
to learn a site to meet up with a mutual
friend who had mutual friends his name
is Brent
Kanzi I want to say his last yes right
he's legit skater dude yeah yes clothing
line stuff I'm pumped and then John
where are you gonna shred all the nerve
Elias skatepark legendary New York
steamer that I don't want to go since I
was
that one was good started
yeah all dancing not raining
egg shop with true friends that have
actually known each other it's crazy
what a small world it is I last time I
hung out with Brett it was at the PG
party a couple of months ago we know
each other it via Tomas he's another
youtuber and skateboarder and then I met
John and California a month ago and the
world just keeps getting smaller and
smaller
yeah because they knew each other from
five years ago context addict a morning
contest Joe hold on you haven't
introduced yourself Brett what do you do
what is what is your full name my name
is Brett Conte I live in New York City
actually like three blocks away from
here have a clothing company and I just
launched a skateboard company Congrats
cannot put into words how beautiful of a
day it is today
I don't even think I need this jacket
I'll need it when the Sun Goes Down so
we're literally rolling unless we're on
our so this is a very infamous I
recommended it and now we're waiting
like three hours so no it's okay it's
about an hour in half wait it has to be
the best
that's better be better than birds I
don't I'm sure that somebody Mets hair
is now and cried that's excited they
were I film all day I can't wait - yeah
wait we were just John and I were just
talking about the dope it is to have
someone that says what you do for a
living like inspires me or inspires me
to do this I quit my job and pursued
this because of you that's sick yes that
is dope yeah I thought it was great like
a glass
[Music]
we're at Brett's place yes oh my
goodness Wow
[Music]
yeah
there is the one world trade you wanna
do and see me I've ever had no feeling
ovaries
oh look at this
that looked insanely too easy next deal
for Sarah go down the bigger Bank you
got the other one
yeah and I was sacked aid per element
fine I'm not gonna lie this place is
awesome
and then also it's sick that red scary
because I feel like I do care about
fortune shirts so it's really
like
thank you
this is our view skatepark one world
trade just epic time at the skate park
of course we just got done eating sweet
green because duh sweet green is life
Brett it was so good hanging hanging in
oh of course
such a Gucci I don't know if you can
tell but I am stupid stoked to be back
in New York City I'm actually only here
for the next seven days and then I have
a exciting trip coming up I have
announced it on Instagram but I will
share it with you in the next vlog but
and yeah if you haven't checked out my
previous video yet it was my special New
Year's one 2016 has been such an epic
year and I made a little special video
about that to hopefully encourage the
Peachy fan to go out and just punch 2017
in the face on the topic of being
absolutely in love with New York City
the night that I got back the drive home
from the airport I experienced the most
epic sunset of my life
[Music]
I know right right I also want to share
some insanely exciting news this next
year I'm kind of true do you hear New
York sirens and then something else that
I can actually share with you now is I'm
joining a new squad in 2017 and that's
the sony alpha squad it's actually
called sony alpha imaging imaging sony
alpha imaging collective it's a mouthful
basically this is just a group of
photographers and filmmakers that form
up this little Sony family and you know
there's kind of certain perks to it but
we get like photo challenges every month
and hopefully you'll be seeing some of
my stuff from the sony alpha instagram
which is like a big Instagram account so
it gets me really excited but really
what this means to me is kind of just
squatting out with another company that
I absolutely adore it you know that I'm
crazy about Sony products and you know
I've been doing the big cannon to Sony
switch and so to have this kind of new
relationship with someone that I just I
love I love Sony it's such an honor
oh yeah I hope you guys have the best
new year's ever and cheers to the most
productive huh fulfilled year yet we
gonna kill it together
am i right am i right or am i right
until next time stay peachy okay bye
you